Improve code assist docs (#1965)
Qiskit/documentation: docs/guides/qiskit-code-assistant-vscode.mdx

> To install the [VSCode extension](https://github.com/Qiskit/qiskit-code-assistant-vscode), follow these steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To install the [VS Code extension](https://github.com/Qiskit/qiskit-code-assistant-vscode), follow these steps:
```

> Install directly from VSCode:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Install directly from VS Code:
```

> 1. Launch VS Code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Launch VSCode.
```

1. Click the Extensions icon in the left toolbar.
1. Search for `qiskit`
1. Find "Qiskit Code Assistant (Beta)" and click **Install**.

> Alternatively, the extension is also available through the [VSCode Marketplace](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=qiskit.qiskit-vscode).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, the extension is also available through the [VS Code Marketplace](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=qiskit.qiskit-vscode).
```

The extension loads automatically and is listed on the bottom of the VS Code window, as shown.  If it is not listed, reload the extension or application.

![Qiskit Code Assistant is shown on the bottom of the VS Code window.](/images/guides/qiskit-code-assistant/vscode-selected-model.png)

## Configure extension settings

The following settings can be configured:

- To change keyboard shortcuts, open the Keyboard Shortcuts settings (`Cmd/Ctrl`+`Shift`+`P` -> `Preferences: Open Keyboard Shortcuts (JSON)`) and search for `qiskit-vscode`.

- You can change the IBM Quantum API token to use in the VSCode command palette. To do that, type `Cmd/Ctrl`+`Shift`+`P`, search for `qiskit`, select the **Qiskit Code Assistant: Set IBM Quantum API token** command, and paste your IBM Quantum API token.

- [Advanced] To change the instance of the Qiskit Code Assistant Service that the extension should use, go to File -> Preferences -> Settings.  On the User tab,  search for Qiskit, and edit the `Qiskit Code Assistant: Url`.

> ## Get started using the Qiskit Code Assistant extension for VSCode

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Get started using the Qiskit Code Assistant extension for VS Code
```

> ![The window that opens upon first use contains restrictions tha must be accepted.](/images/guides/qiskit-code-assistant/eula.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![The window that opens upon first use contains restrictions that must be accepted.](/images/guides/qiskit-code-assistant/eula.png)
```

### Generate code

> While you develop your code using Qiskit, you can ask to the Qiskit Code Assistant to help you. In general, the assistant suggests better code as response to Python comments or docstrings, but you can use the assistant anywhere in your file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While you develop your code using Qiskit, you can ask the Qiskit Code Assistant to help you. In general, the Assistant suggests better code in response to Python comments or docstrings, but you can use the Assistant anywhere in your file.
```

To get a code suggestion, type a prompt, then `Ctrl`+`.`.  There are two types of prompts you can use:

  - Enter partial code and get a suggestion to finish the code.  Example:
    ```python
    from qiskit.circuit import QuantumCircuit
    from qiskit.transpiler.preset_passmanagers import generate_preset_pass_manager
    from qiskit_ibm_runtime import SamplerV2 as Sampler
    from qiskit_ibm_runtime.fake_provider import FakeManilaV2

    # Bell Circuit
    qc = QuantumCircuit(2)
    qc.h(0)
    qc.cx(0, 1)

    qc.mea # Type Ctrl + . for a code suggestion.
    ```
  - Type a pound (#) sign, then type your prompt.  Example: `# Give me a random circuit of 5 qubits and a depth of 4.`

> ![A code suggestion is shown.  The suggested code is in grey.](/images/guides/qiskit-code-assistant/vscode-inline-suggestion.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![A code suggestion is shown, and is greyed out.](/images/guides/qiskit-code-assistant/vscode-inline-suggestion.png)
```

Reviewer: Not sure if this has improved things at all, but for accessibility reasons I changed it to "greyed out" to avoid relying on a specific color. (I don't think I accomplished my goal 🤣 ) @beckykd are you aware of an accessibility-friendly way to describe something being greyed out?

### Work with code suggestions

Use the following to accept, reject, and cycle through suggestions:

- Press `Tab` to accept the suggestion or press `ESC` to reject it.
- After getting a suggestion, type `Ctrl` + `.` again to generate additional suggestions.
- When a suggestion is shown, use `Option/Alt` + `]` and `Option/Alt` + `[` to cycle forward and backward, respectively, through the suggestions (if available).
- Hover the cursor over the suggestion to use the pop-up toolbar to cycle through the suggestions, as shown:
  ![The toolbar that pops up if you hover over suggested code is shown.](/images/guides/qiskit-code-assistant/vscode-inline-suggestion-toolbar.png)

> ## Uninstall the VSCode extension
> 
> To remove the Qiskit Code Assistant from VSCode, follow these steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Uninstall the VS Code extension

To remove the Qiskit Code Assistant from VS Code, follow these steps:
```

1. Launch Visual Studio Code.
1. Click the Extensions icon.
1. Search for `qiskit` and open the Qiskit Code Assistant.
1. Click **Uninstall**.

## Troubleshooting

> If you don't see the extension status bar in VSCode, check that the extension is installed and enabled under the extensions tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you don't see the extension status bar in VS Code, check that the extension is installed and enabled under the extensions tab.
```

If the extension is installed and enabled, but it cannot select a model, verify that your current API token has been added and the `Qiskit Code Assistant: Url` is properly set.

## Contribute to the VSCode extension

The code for this official extension is publicly available and open source. Check it out in [GitHub.](https://github.com/Qiskit/qiskit-code-assistant-vscode)

## Next steps

<Admonition type="tip" title="Recommendations">

> Check out examples to use the Qiskit Code Assistant for [circuits](https://docs.quantum.ibm.com/guides/circuit-library), [configuring error suppression](https://docs.quantum.ibm.com/guides/configure-error-suppression), and [transpiling with passmanagers.](transpile-with-pass-managers)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See examples to use the Qiskit Code Assistant for [circuits](/guides/circuit-library), [configuring error suppression](/guides/configure-error-suppression), and [transpiling with pass managers.](/guides/transpile-with-pass-managers)
```
